okay guys so for this recipe you are
going to need of course a crock pot so I
have my crock pot here you're going to
need two tablespoons of olive oil two
pounds of beef and I usually use the
boneless chuck roast so two pounds of
beef you're going to need two teaspoons
of chili powder one teaspoon of cumin
you're also going to need a cup of beef
broth two tablespoons of tomato paste
and five gloves of garlic or you know
I'm just going to kind of eyeball it
since I have the one that's already like
minced in here so yeah that's all you're
going to need now I'm going to show you
guys next step go ahead and just get a
little clear little bow or don't have to
be clear just get a bowl because you're
going to want to mix your chili powder
and your ground cumin together so you
need the two teaspoons of chili powder
I'm going to do one and a half just
because Chris and Madeline aren't huge
fans of that and then the one teaspoon
of the ground cumin I'm just going to
want to mix this up and you're just
pretty much creating a dry rub and after
you mix it up you just want to put it on
both sides of the just dry rub it onto
your roast
go ahead and place a tablespoon of olive
oil in a skillet and heat that up and
then you're going to go ahead and place
your meat on there or your roast on
there and this is already already
seasoned as you can tell you want to go
ahead and sear it for about two minutes
on each side you just want to kind of
brown
once you have it browned on both sides
you just want to go ahead and place it
on the bottom of your crock pot and go
ahead and make this top go ahead and
leave the skillet on you're going to
want to add the five cloves of garlic or
in my case I'm going to just squeeze
them in there kind of eyeball it and
you're just going to want to saute it in
the pan
now go ahead and add your cups of beef
stock and what that's going to do is
it's going to deglaze the pan and just
kind of get off whatever is left from
when you cook the meat off in there and
just add flavor to the meat once you add
it into the crock pot to go ahead and
just get everything that you can off of
the pan now you want to go ahead and add
the two tablespoons of tomato paste
you're going to go ahead and just let
the mixture thicken it will thicken a
little bit so just kind of mix it and
let it thicken up and then go ahead and
pour it over your pot roast that is
already in your crock pot so go ahead
once the sauce is nice and thick go
ahead and pour it right over the roast
the chuck roast it's in there just go
ahead and pour it right over that you're
going to want to set it on low for six
to eight hours or high for three to four
hours I'm going to go ahead and set it
on high and then just go ahead and let
it sit you want to check it as once it
starts shredding easily then it's ready
so go ahead and just leave it on there
once again low for six to eight hours or
high for three to four hours and just
kind of check it alright so it's been
about six hours so I went ahead and took
it out it is really really really soft I
can barely get it out because it's like
literally just falling apart
so that's whenever you know it's ready
it's just super super super tender so I
went ahead and poured that out and put
it on a plate so I can shred it and
you're left with the juices in the crock
pot you want to go ahead and take some
of the juices out but leave a little bit
in there so that your meat can be juicy
but you want to go ahead and start
shredding the the roast
so once all the meat is shredded and you
put it back in the crock pot and mix it
all up with the juices or the you know
the sauce mixture that's left this is
pretty much what it will look like it'll
probably look a little bit better
because I kind of took up out a little
bit too much sauce but it smells
delicious and you just put this on some
tortillas and you have your shredded
beef tacos I will show you guys our
plates here in a second